#### What is ExpressJS, why is it used?
Expressjs is a nodejs framework used for handling back-end server-side operations

#### How do you create a basic server using Express?
We can create a basic express server by initiating a nodejs directory and installing expressjs packages and setting basic get call functions up

#### What is middleware in ExpressJS?
Middleware is a function in *Express.js* that runs between the *request and response*, modifying them or passing control to the next middleware

#### How do you handle routing in ExpressJS?
By simply defining the route within the request function argument

#### What is the purpose of req and res in Express?
req is the request object and res is the response object

#### How do you handle errors in Express?
We can simply use the try-catch error handing method of JavaScript as express at its core is JavaScript

#### How do you handle a POST request in Express?
Post requests generally come with a data body that can be read and handled in expressjs. POST requests are used to create new data in the database.

#### How do you connect a database to an Express application?
Using database api urls databases can be connected to an express application.

---------------------------------------
#### What is MongoDB?
MongoDB is a NoSQL database that stores data in JSON-like format called BSON (Binary JSON). It’s schema-less and scales horizontally.

#### What is a document in MongoDB?
A document in an individual record containing key-value pairs of data

#### How do you create a db in MongoDB?
We can manually create a db from the Atlas dashboard but by simply requesting to insert or upsert a data to a database will cause mongoDB to create the database, without any additional manual work.

#### What is the purpose of collections?
Collections act as a group of documents, it's like a folder of relative documents.

#### How do you insert a document into a collection?
Using the insertOne command a document can be inserted into a collection. and insertMany for multiple documents

#### What is the difference between find() and findOne()?
find() returns a list of documents that match the query parameters, while findOne() returns the first instance of a
document matching the query parameters.

#### How do you update a document in MongoDB?
By using the updateOne() method and specifying a query for which data to be updated, as well as the update data as params. 

#### Diff between updateOne() and upsert?
when we use updateOne, it looks for the document in the db then updates it but when we use upsert: true in update, it will update the existing doc or insert one in case it doesn't exist

#### What is indexing in MongoDB?
An index is a data structure used to improve the speed of data retrieval operations in MongoDB.
#### CRUD operations and why we use them?
CRUD stands for **Create**, **Read**, **Update**, and **Delete** operations, used to interact with data in MongoDB.

#### What is object ID?
**`ObjectId`** is a unique identifier for documents, automatically generated by MongoDB.

#### What is the aggregation framework in MongoDB?
The aggregation framework is used for performing operations like filter, group and sorting data in MongoDB.

#### How do you connect MongoDB with a nodejs/express server?
first we define the MongoClient the we have to write MongoClient.connect then the mongodb URI and a callback function for catching error

----------------------

#### What is nodejs?
Node.js is a JavaScript runtime environment that allows running JavaScript on the server side. It is built on Chrome’s V8 JavaScript engine.

#### What is the event-driven architecture in Node.js?
Node.js follows an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model, where operations like file reading or database queries are handled asynchronously, allowing the server to handle multiple requests without waiting.

#### What is the use of require() in nodejs?
It is used to import modules, files and libraries in a nodejs application.

#### What are the advantages of nodejs?
Advantages include ***asynchronous and non-blocking I/O, scalability, single-threaded event loop***, and the ability to use JavaScript on both the client and server side.

